README.md, before:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `geine`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->
<h1 align="center">
    Terraform Azure Module Template
</h1>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
    With our comprehensive DevOps toolkit - streamline operations, automate workflows, enhance collaboration and, most importantly, deploy with confidence.
</p>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.terraform.io">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-v0.13-green" alt="Terraform">
</a>
<a href="LICENSE.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-APACHE-blue.svg" alt="Licence">
</a>
<a href="CHANGELOG.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-blue" alt="Changelog">
</a>


</p>
<p align="center">

<a href='https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on Facebook" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817743-4f64cb80-bb59-11e9-90c7-b057252ded50.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.instagram.com/cloud_drove?igsh=cHJqaDY3bGtnYmh3' title="Follow On Instagram">
  <img src="https://github.com/gauravghongde/social-icons/blob/master/SVG/Color/Instagram.svg" width="23" height="23" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Terraform+Module+Template&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817742-4e339e80-bb59-11e9-87b9-a1f68cae1049.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Terraform+Module+Template&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on Twitter" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817740-4c69db00-bb59-11e9-8a79-3580fbbf6d5c.png" />
</a>

</p>
<hr>


We are a group of DevOps engineers and architects collaborating to build standardized, scalable, and secure infrastructure in today's ever-evolving digital landscape. Rooted in a strong belief in automation and modular design—much like microservices—we focus on decomposing infrastructure into smaller, reusable components such as databases, clusters, and more. These components are built to follow industry best practices and are easy to manage, scale, and secure.

This repository is part of the **terraform-az-modules** organization and provides open-source, reusable Terraform modules. It includes practical examples and workflows to help users quickly understand, implement, and improve their infrastructure with minimal configuration and high maintainability.


## Prerequisites and Providers


This table contains both Prerequisites and Providers:


| Description   | Name                                       | Version   |
|:-------------:|:-------------------------------------------:|:---------:|
| **Prerequisite** | [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install.html) | >= 1.6.6 |
| **Provider** | [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) | >= 3.90.0 |





## Examples

**IMPORTANT:** Since the master branch used in source varies based on new modifications, we recommend using the [release versions](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/releases).

📌 For additional usage examples, check the complete list under [`examples/`](./examples) directory.



## Inputs and Outputs

### Inputs

| Name          | Description                                                        | Type         | Default                                            | Required |
|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|----------------------------------------------------|:--------:|
| name          | Name used for resources and naming convention.                     | `string`     | n/a                                                |  yes     |
| environment   | Deployment environment (e.g., `dev`, `test`, `prod`).              | `string`     | n/a                                                |  no      |
| location      | Azure region where resources will be deployed.                     | `string`     | n/a                                                |  yes     |
| resource lock | Protect resources from accidental deletion and modification        | `bool`       | n/a                                                |  no      |
| lock_level    | Protect resources from accidental deletion and modification        | `string`     | n/a                                                |  no      |



### Outputs

| Name                        |  Description                                                                                                            |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| resource_group_id           | The ID of the Resource Group.                                                                                           |
| resource_group_location	    | The Azure Region where the Resource Group should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.        |
| resource_group_name	        | The Name which should be used for this Resource Group. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.         |
| tags	                      | A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Resource Group.                                                       |





## Module Dependencies

This module has dependencies on:

- [Labels Module](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-tags): Provides resource tagging.



## Module Dependencies

This module has no dependencies on other modules.

## 📑 Changelog

Refer [here](CHANGELOG.md).




## ✨ Contributors

Big thanks to our contributors for elevating our project with their dedication and expertise! But, we do not wish to stop there, would like to invite contributions from the community in improving these projects and making them more versatile for better reach. Remember, every bit of contribution is immensely valuable, as, together, we are moving in only 1 direction, i.e. forward. 

<a href="https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group&max" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

 If you're considering contributing to our project, here are a few quick guidelines that we have been following (Got a suggestion? We are all ears!):

- **Fork the Repository:** Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
- **Coding Standards:** You know the drill.
- **Clear Commit Messages:** Write clear and concise commit messages to facilitate understanding.
- **Thorough Testing:** Test your changes thoroughly before submitting a pull request.
- **Documentation Updates:** Include relevant documentation updates if your changes impact it.


## Feedback 
Spot a bug or have thoughts to share with us? Let's squash it together! Log it in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/issues), feel free to drop us an email at [hello@clouddrove.com](hello@clouddrove.com)).

Show some love with a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group)!  if our work has brightened your day! – your feedback fuels our journey!


## :rocket: Our Accomplishment

We have [*50+ Azure Terraform modules*][terraform_modules] 🙌. You could consider them finished, but, with enthusiasts like yourself, we are able to ever improve them, so we call our status - improvement in progress.

- [Terraform Module Registry:](https://registry.terraform.io/namespaces/clouddrove) Discover our Terraform modules here.


## Tap into our capabilities
We provide a platform for organizations to engage with experienced, top-tier DevOps and Cloud professionals. Tap into our pool of certified engineers and architects to elevate your DevOps and Cloud solutions.

At **Azure Terraform Modules Organisation**, we have extensive experience in designing, building, and migrating environments; securing infrastructure; consulting; monitoring; optimizing; automating; and maintaining complex, large-scale modern systems. With a strong client presence across American and European regions, our certified experts deliver robust and scalable cloud solutions.

Write to us at [hello@clouddrove.com](hello@clouddrove.com).

<p align="center">We are <b> The Cloud Experts!</b></p>
<hr />
<p align="center">We ❤️  <a href="https://github.com/terraform-az-modules">Open Source</a> and you can check out <a href="https://registry.terraform.io/namespaces/clouddrove">our other modules</a> to get help with your new Cloud ideas.</p>

  [email]: <>
  [github]: https://github.com/terraform-az-modules
  [terraform_modules]: https://github.com/orgs/terraform-az-modules/repositories

Commit message:

feat: Added resource group terraform module code with updated changes

README.md, after:

<!-- This file was automatically generated by the `geine`. Make all changes to `README.yaml` and run `make readme` to rebuild this file. -->
<h1 align="center">
    Terraform Azure Module Template
</h1>

<p align="center" style="font-size: 1.2rem;">
    With our comprehensive DevOps toolkit - streamline operations, automate workflows, enhance collaboration and, most importantly, deploy with confidence.
</p>

<p align="center">

<a href="https://www.terraform.io">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Terraform-v0.13-green" alt="Terraform">
</a>
<a href="LICENSE.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-APACHE-blue.svg" alt="Licence">
</a>
<a href="CHANGELOG.md">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Changelog-blue" alt="Changelog">
</a>


</p>
<p align="center">

<a href='https://facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on Facebook" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817743-4f64cb80-bb59-11e9-90c7-b057252ded50.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.instagram.com/cloud_drove?igsh=cHJqaDY3bGtnYmh3' title="Follow On Instagram">
  <img src="https://github.com/gauravghongde/social-icons/blob/master/SVG/Color/Instagram.svg" width="23" height="23" />
</a>
<a href='https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&title=Terraform+Module+Template&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on LinkedIn" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817742-4e339e80-bb59-11e9-87b9-a1f68cae1049.png" />
</a>
<a href='https://twitter.com/intent/tweet/?text=Terraform+Module+Template&url=https://github.com/clouddrove/terraform-module-template'>
  <img title="Share on Twitter" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/50652676/62817740-4c69db00-bb59-11e9-8a79-3580fbbf6d5c.png" />
</a>

</p>
<hr>


We are a group of DevOps engineers and architects collaborating to build standardized, scalable, and secure infrastructure in today's ever-evolving digital landscape. Rooted in a strong belief in automation and modular design—much like microservices—we focus on decomposing infrastructure into smaller, reusable components such as databases, clusters, and more. These components are built to follow industry best practices and are easy to manage, scale, and secure.

This repository is part of the **terraform-az-modules** organization and provides open-source, reusable Terraform modules. It includes practical examples and workflows to help users quickly understand, implement, and improve their infrastructure with minimal configuration and high maintainability.


## Prerequisites and Providers


This table contains both Prerequisites and Providers:


| Description   | Name                                       | Version   |
|:-------------:|:-------------------------------------------:|:---------:|
| **Prerequisite** | [Terraform](https://learn.hashicorp.com/terraform/getting-started/install.html) | >= 1.6.6 |
| **Provider** | [azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/) | >= 3.90.0 |





## Examples

**IMPORTANT:** Since the master branch used in source varies based on new modifications, we recommend using the [release versions](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/releases).

📌 For additional usage examples, check the complete list under [`examples/`](./examples) directory.



## Inputs and Outputs

 ### Inputs


| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Used when creating the Resource Group. | `string` | `"90m"` | no |
| <a name="input_custom_name"></a> [custom\_name](#input\_custom\_name) | Define your custom name to override default naming convention | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_delete"></a> [delete](#input\_delete) | Used when deleting the Resource Group. | `string` | `"90m"` | no |
| <a name="input_deployment_mode"></a> [deployment\_mode](#input\_deployment\_mode) | Specifies how the infrastructure/resource is deployed | `string` | `"terraform"` | no |
| <a name="input_enabled"></a> [enabled](#input\_enabled) | Set to false to prevent the module from creating any resources. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_environment"></a> [environment](#input\_environment) | Environment (e.g. `prod`, `dev`, `staging`). | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_extra_tags"></a> [extra\_tags](#input\_extra\_tags) | Additional tags (e.g. map(`BusinessUnit`,`XYZ`). | `map(string)` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_label_order"></a> [label\_order](#input\_label\_order) | The order of labels used to construct resource names or tags. If not specified, defaults to ['name', 'environment', 'location']. | `list(any)` | <pre>[<br>  "name",<br>  "environment",<br>  "location"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_location"></a> [location](#input\_location) | Azure region (e.g. `eastus`, `westus`). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_lock_level"></a> [lock\_level](#input\_lock\_level) | Specifies the lock level for the resource group to prevent accidental changes. | `string` | `"CanNotDelete"` | no |
| <a name="input_managedby"></a> [managedby](#input\_managedby) | ManagedBy, eg 'terraform-az-modules'. | `string` | `"terraform-az-modules"` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name  (e.g. `app` or `cluster`). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_notes"></a> [notes](#input\_notes) | Specifies some notes about the lock. Maximum of 512 characters. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. | `string` | `"This Resource Group is locked by terrafrom"` | no |
| <a name="input_read"></a> [read](#input\_read) | Used when retrieving the Resource Group. | `string` | `"5m"` | no |
| <a name="input_repository"></a> [repository](#input\_repository) | Terraform current module repo | `string` | `"https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group"` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_lock_enabled"></a> [resource\_lock\_enabled](#input\_resource\_lock\_enabled) | Enable or disable lock resource | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_resource_position_prefix"></a> [resource\_position\_prefix](#input\_resource\_position\_prefix) | Controls the placement of the resource type keyword (e.g., "rg", "rg-lock") in the resource name.<br><br>- If true, the keyword is prepended: "rg-core-dev".<br>- If false, the keyword is appended: "core-dev-rg".<br><br>This helps maintain naming consistency based on organizational preferences. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_update"></a> [update](#input\_update) | Used when updating the Resource Group. | `string` | `"90m"` | no |



### Outputs

| Name                        |  Description                                                                                                            |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| resource_group_id           | The ID of the Resource Group.                                                                                           |
| resource_group_location	    | The Azure Region where the Resource Group should exist. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.        |
| resource_group_name	        | The Name which should be used for this Resource Group. Changing this forces a new Resource Group to be created.         |
| tags	                      | A mapping of tags which should be assigned to the Resource Group.                                                       |



## Module Dependencies

This module has dependencies on:

- [Labels Module](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-tags): Provides resource tagging.



## Module Dependencies

This module has no dependencies on other modules.

## 📑 Changelog

Refer [here](CHANGELOG.md).




## ✨ Contributors

Big thanks to our contributors for elevating our project with their dedication and expertise! But, we do not wish to stop there, would like to invite contributions from the community in improving these projects and making them more versatile for better reach. Remember, every bit of contribution is immensely valuable, as, together, we are moving in only 1 direction, i.e. forward. 

<a href="https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group&max" />
</a>
<br>
<br>

 If you're considering contributing to our project, here are a few quick guidelines that we have been following (Got a suggestion? We are all ears!):

- **Fork the Repository:** Create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.
- **Coding Standards:** You know the drill.
- **Clear Commit Messages:** Write clear and concise commit messages to facilitate understanding.
- **Thorough Testing:** Test your changes thoroughly before submitting a pull request.
- **Documentation Updates:** Include relevant documentation updates if your changes impact it.


## Feedback 
Spot a bug or have thoughts to share with us? Let's squash it together! Log it in our [issue tracker](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group/issues), feel free to drop us an email at [hello@clouddrove.com](hello@clouddrove.com)).

Show some love with a ★ on [our GitHub](https://github.com/terraform-az-modules/terraform-azure-resource-group)!  if our work has brightened your day! – your feedback fuels our journey!


## :rocket: Our Accomplishment

We have [*50+ Azure Terraform modules*][terraform_modules] 🙌. You could consider them finished, but, with enthusiasts like yourself, we are able to ever improve them, so we call our status - improvement in progress.

- [Terraform Module Registry:](https://registry.terraform.io/namespaces/clouddrove) Discover our Terraform modules here.


## Tap into our capabilities
We provide a platform for organizations to engage with experienced, top-tier DevOps and Cloud professionals. Tap into our pool of certified engineers and architects to elevate your DevOps and Cloud solutions.

At **Azure Terraform Modules Organisation**, we have extensive experience in designing, building, and migrating environments; securing infrastructure; consulting; monitoring; optimizing; automating; and maintaining complex, large-scale modern systems. With a strong client presence across American and European regions, our certified experts deliver robust and scalable cloud solutions.

Write to us at [hello@clouddrove.com](hello@clouddrove.com).

<p align="center">We are <b> The Cloud Experts!</b></p>
<hr />
<p align="center">We ❤️  <a href="https://github.com/terraform-az-modules">Open Source</a> and you can check out <a href="https://registry.terraform.io/namespaces/clouddrove">our other modules</a> to get help with your new Cloud ideas.</p>

  [email]: <>
  [github]: https://github.com/terraform-az-modules
  [terraform_modules]: https://github.com/orgs/terraform-az-modules/repositories
